Fixing typos (#3)
wiz-sec-public/namespacehound: README.md

+-----------+----------+------------+-----------------------------------+-----------+------+---------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+------------+
```
### Security and Privacy
To function properly, NamespaceHound requires K8s API read permissions on all of the resource types. That is the minimal set. Of course principals mapped to *admin*, *cluster-admin* roles and *system:masters* group will work as well.

NamespaceHound does not save any data about the target cluster locally. It does not build graph and does not save object material - upon every run, NamespaceHound establishes a new connection with the cluster and performes API server querying in the same capacity.

## Library - Types of Namespace Crossings

| Name    | Severity | Confidence | Description | Method |
| -------- | ------- | -------- | ------- | ------- |

> | DOS_NO_QUOTA  | LOW | MEDIUM | No resource quota on this namespace. Over-resourced workload can take up other namespace' resources. | Querying API for resource quotas |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| DOS_NO_QUOTA  | LOW | MEDIUM | No resource quota on this namespace. Over-resourced workloads can take up other namespaces' resources. | Querying API for resource quotas |
```
